### Compilers vs Interpreters

Answered Exercises

1. **What is the difference between compiler and an interpreter?**
    - Simply stated, a compiler is a program that can read a program in onelanguage — the source language — and translate it into an equivalent program in another language — the target language. An important role of the compiler is to report any errors in the source program that it detects during translation.
    - An interpreter is another common kind of language processor. Instead of producing a target program as a translation, an interpreter appears to directly execute the operations specified in the source program on inputs supplied by the user.
2. **What are the advantages of (a) a compiler over an interpreter (b) an interpreter over a compiler?**
    - The machine-language target program produced by a compiler is usually much faster than an interpreter at mapping inputs to outputs.
    - An interpreter, however, can usually give better error diagnostics than a compiler, because it executes the source program statement by statement.

Unanswered Exercises

4. **What advantages are there to a language-processing system in which the compiler produces assembly language rather than machine language?**
    - Because assembly is easier to produce as output and is easier to debug. The assembly.
5. **A compiler that translates a high-level language into another high-level language is called a source-to-source translator. What advantages are there to using C as a target language for a compiler**
6. **Describe some of the tasks that an assembler needs to perform.**

